# h42n42
42 school [subject](https://cdn.intra.42.fr/pdf/pdf/81368/en.subject.pdf).

Consists of one web page containing a game. Has been written in OCaml using the Eliom library from the Ocsigen project.

The game consists of beings wandering around between a river and hospital.<br>
If a being comes in contact with the river it becomes infected by the contagious h42n42 virus.<br>
The player should grab and move those beings away from the river. If a being gets infected it should be moved to the hospital.<br>
The game stops once all beings are infected.

## Use
Run with `make test.byte` or `make test.opt` to compile it in byte-code or machine-code respectively.

Clean compilation files with `make clean` and also output files with `make distclean`.

# Eliom generated README

## Instructions

This project is (initially) generated by eliom-distillery as the basic
project "h42n42".

Generally, you can compile it and run ocsigenserver on it by
  $ make test.byte (or test.opt)
See below for other useful targets for make.

## Generated files

The following files in this directory have been generated by
eliom-distillery:

 - h42n42.eliom
   This is your initial source file.

 - static/
   The content of this folder is statically served. Put your CSS or
   additional JavaScript files here!

 - Makefile.options
   Configure your project here!

 - h42n42.conf.in
   This file is a template for the configuration file for
   ocsigenserver. You will rarely have to edit itself - it takes its
   variables from the Makefile.options. This way, the installation
   rules and the configuration files are synchronized with respect to
   the different folders.

 - Makefile
   This contains all rules necessary to build, test, and run your
   Eliom application. You better don't touch it ;) See below for the
   relevant targets.

 - local/
   This directory is the target of the temporary installation of
   your application, to test locally before doing a system-wide
   installation in /. Do not put anything manually here.

 - README
   Not completely describable here.


## Makefile targets

Here's some help on how to work with this basic distillery project:

 - Test your application by compiling it and running ocsigenserver locally
     $ make test.byte (or test.opt)

 - Compile it only
     $ make all (or byte or opt)

 - Deploy your project on your system
     $ sudo make install (or install.byte or install.opt)

 - Run the server on the deployed project
     $ sudo make run.byte (or run.opt)

   If WWWUSER in the Makefile.options is you, you don't need the
   `sudo'. If Eliom isn't installed globally, however, you need to
   re-export some environment variables to make this work:
     $ sudo PATH=$PATH OCAMLPATH=$OCAMLPATH LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH make run.byte/run.opt

 - If you need a findlib package in your project, add it to the
   variables SERVER_PACKAGES and/or CLIENT_PACKAGES. The configuration
   file will be automatically updated.
